docs: small fixes on ambiguity and french (#156)
osrd-project/osrd-website: content/docs/explanation/models/data-models-full-example/index.en.md

There are two groups, each with one connection in their list: `A_B1`, which connects *A* to *B1*, and `A_B2` which connects *A* to *B2*.

> Thus, at any given moment (except during a change of group), a train can go from *A* to *B1* or from *A* to *B2* but never to both at the same time. A train cannot go from *B1* to *B2*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, at any given moment (except when the switch moves from one group to another), a train can go from *A* to *B1* or from *A* to *B2* but never to both at the same time. A train cannot go from *B1* to *B2*.
```
